remove confusing async updowncounter example from sync section (#2431)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/api.md

"current value" is straightforward, use [Asynchronous
UpDownCounter](#asynchronous-updowncounter) instead.

Taking the **the size of a collection** as an example, almost all the language
runtimes would provide APIs for retrieving the size of a collection, whether the
size is internally maintained or calculated on the fly. If the intention is to
report the size that can be retrieved from these APIs, use [Asynchronous

> UpDownCounter](#asynchronous-updowncounter).

Reviewer: I think the removal of this text makes the following paragraph on 838-840 out of place / hard to understand. 

How about we remove the python example code but retain the text?

Author: I felt the text was sort of a duplicate of the paragraph right above it that also gives an example of when you'd use an async updowncounter, that is why I removed it as well. But open to adding it back if others feel the same.

> There are cases when the runtime APIs won't provide sufficient information, e.g.
> reporting the number of items in a concurrent bag by the "color" and "material"
> properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UpDownCounter supports counting **the size of a collection** incrementally, e.g.
reporting the number of items in a concurrent bag by the "color" and "material"
properties as they are added and removed.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the removed paragraph deserves to be removed, but the transition here can improve in its absence.
